Simplify release procedure (#97)
lightbend/sbt-paradox-apidoc: RELEASING.md

# Releasing

1. Wait until all running [Travis CI jobs](https://travis-ci.org/lightbend/sbt-paradox-apidoc/builds) complete, if any.

> 1. Create a [new release](https://github.com/lightbend/sbt-paradox-apidoc/releases/new) with the next tag version (e.g. `v0.2`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fix up the [draft release](https://github.com/lightbend/sbt-paradox-apidoc/releases) created by the release drafter and set the next tag version (e.g. `v0.2`)
```
